No, actually
we just figured
those cars you got
deserve better drivers,
which is why we're gonna
take them off your hands.
You know,
why don't we
settle this now?
Wait, wait, wait.
How about we settle
this on the blacktop?
Each car does
a down-and-back,
tag-team style. For slips.
Loser walks home.
We came to race.
Load them up then.
Come on, bro,
let's get these cars.
All right, check it out.
There's no way we're gonna
beat these guys straight up.
That Hemi's putting out
about 425
and that Yenko
will snap a speedo in
about five seconds flat.
We're gonna have to
pull something out
of our ass.
The only thing I can think of
is save the spray for the
way back.
The return trip.
Done deal.
All right, let's do this, bro.
I'm getting
that orange one.
You ain't ready, Fabio!
All right.
You each got a barrel
to go around down at
the end of the road here.